# Recruitment Analytics and User Experience Enhancement Project

## Overview

This project focuses on leveraging Mixpanel events generated by an online recruiting web-based platform to extract valuable insights and enhance user experience through the application of process mining algorithms. By transforming these events into comprehensive event logs, we aim to identify patterns, bottlenecks, and areas for improvement in user interactions within the online recruiting platform.

## Project Structure

- **Data Extraction:** Code and tools for efficiently extracting Mixpanel events from the online recruiting platform and transforming them into structured event logs.

- **Process Mining Algorithms:** Implementation and utilization of process mining algorithms for analyzing the event logs to gain insights into user behaviors, identify bottlenecks, and improve the overall user experience.

- **User Experience Enhancement:** Practical implementation strategies based on the findings from process mining to optimize the user interface, features, and functionality of the online recruiting platform.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Ensure you have Python installed on your machine (version X.X.X recommended).

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sirAlireza/analytics_event_process_mining.git
   cd analytics_event_process_mining
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

1. **Data Extraction:**
   - Execute the data extraction script to retrieve Mixpanel events.
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

2. **Process Mining:**
   - Utilize the process mining algorithms implemented in the `process_mining_algorithms` directory.

3. **User Experience Enhancement:**
   - Implement recommendations based on the insights gained from the process mining analysis.
